Switch to zensical and add new architecture diagram (#2397)
Islandora-CLAW/islandora: docs/installation/component-overview.md

- Components that can't easily be swapped out but are not necessarily required (such as using Solr as the site's internal search engine)
- Components which do not have official alternatives and are not necessarily required, but will likely exist on the vast majority of Islandora installations (such as Alpaca and Crayfish)

## The Webserver Stack - Traefik, NGINX, PHP, and MariaDB/PostgreSQL

> Combined together, Apache, PHP, and MariaDB/PostgreSQL comprise a LAMP or LAPP server used to provide end-user-facing components - namely, the website.

Reviewer: Combined together, Traefik, NGINX, PHP, and MariaDB/PostgreSQL comprise a solution stack used to provide end-user-facing components - namely, the website.

Author: ```suggestion
Combined together, [Traefik], [NGINX], PHP, and [MariaDB] or [PostgreSQL] comprise a solution stack used to provide end-user-facing components - namely, the website.```
